♪ Magic is real here ♪
♪ Far away from home ♪
♪ Anything can happen ♪
♪ When witches make the rules ♪
♪ Monsters are cool ♪
♪ The moon is our friend ♪
♪ I wanna stay with you ♪
♪ On Summer Camp Island ♪
Alright, Hiking Club!
Are we ready to get out there
and explore
the unknown parts
of the island?
Yeah!
Let me just double-check
our supplies.
Okay, sandwiches, water,
compass,
notebook,
extra socks,
and one-two-three-
four-five-six-seven
eight-nine-ten-eleven-
twelve-thirteen-fourteen
rolls of toilet paper.
Eh?
What's everyone else gonna use?
Oh, Hedgehog...
Rrrr...
Oof!
Now we just have to decide
where to explore.
Hmm.
How about that
little patch of woods?
Whoa.
Hey, Hedge?
Doesn't that look like
the New Jersey Pine Barrens
back home?
Yeah!
And that looks like
Susie, Betsy, and Alice.
Don't you want to be turned
into the wood paneling
of an infrared sauna?
Hi, Susie!
Ahh!
You!
We didn't know there were
pine barrens on this island.
Yeah, we made 'em
when we first got here,
in case the Jersey Devil
ever showed up.
Which he didn't.
Anyway, now I'm
a-tearing 'em down
and puttin' up a spa
for us witches.
Eh, mainly me.
Wait!
The Jersey Devil?
You can't, Susie!
He could show up
any time!
Yeah, he's just
not here right now.
What's
the Jersey Devil?
He's a mythical beast who roams
the New Jersey Pine Barrens.
Oscar and I
met him once.
Tell the story,
Oscar.
Okay.
But chime in
if I start meandering.
Ugh, fine!
We're due for
a break anyways.
It happened when we were six.
My dad took me and Hedgehog
on a canoe trip
through the Pine Barrens.
Okay, sandwiches,
water, compass,
notebook, extra socks,
and one-two-three-four-five-six-
seven-eight-nine-ten-eleven
twelve-thirteen-fourteen
rolls of toilet paper.
What's everyone
else gonna use?
Oh, Hedgehog.
You're so funny!
Aw, c'mon,
Oscar.
It's not
that funny.
No, it is.
I will never not laugh
at that joke.
Wow.
Paddle team
activate!
Pshhh!
Huh?
So, I'll sit in
the back and steer.
Hedgehog, you sit in the front
and help me paddle.
And you sit in the middle,
buddy.
Cool!
Okay, Hedgehog,
ready your paddle.
Oscar, you just
sit there
like my special,
little sack of potatoes.
A sack of potatoes
with a paddle?
No, we're just going to
do it like this for now.
Just till we're a little ways
down the river.
Mmm...
Mr. Peltzer?
Huh?
Oh. Hey, Oscar?
Did you know being
the sack of potatoes
is the most important
canoe job you can have?
The person in the middle
balances out the whole canoe.
Without you,
we'd tip!
Plus, I need you to be
on the lookout
for the Jersey Devil.
Jersey Devil?
Some say The Jersey Devil
was born
on the 13th day
of the 13th month
of the 13th year
of the 13th century
on Friday the 13th,
and he was the 13th baby
of the 13th witch
in the 13th coven.
What does the Jersey Devil
look like?
Some say the head of a horse,
wings of a bat,
the hooves of a --
A horse?
Technically,
a goat.
And maybe you'll say,
"a hoof is a hoof"
but this is
a cloven hoof!
Others say he has
the head of a horse
and the body
of a horse...
so he might
just be a horse.
Whoa.
He was first sighted
in the 1700s,
and they say he's lurked
through the Barrens ever
since,
looking for sandwiches.
Why doesn't he just make
his own sandwiches?
Because sandwiches
always taste better
when someone else
makes them.
Mm-hmm.
There are supposedly
three signs
that the Jersey Devil
is nearby.
First, the air around
you gets --
cold.
Second, you get a tickle --
a tickle in your throat.
And the third?
You hear a terrible,
inhuman tummy grumble.
Ahh!
Hey,
let's have lunch.
I'm finished, Dad.
Can you wash
the pan for us?
It's a bummer Teller
didn't come.
We need someone
to balance out the middle.
Don't worry.
We'll just put the cooler
in the middle.
It does the same job
as a person,
plus it keeps the drinks cold!
Not that anyone asked,
but just to be clear,
the list of canoe jobs
in order of importance are --
back paddler,
front paddler,
then the least important
person in the middle.
How's my little sack
of potatoes doing?
Still keeping
the boat steady?
Any Jersey Devil
sightings?
Cause I'm ready.
Eh?
Any sightings?
Huh?
Hedgehog can I get your help?
I don't think
Oscar can hear me.
Um, okay.
Dad, I know you lied to me
about the importance
of the middle seat.
Oscar, it really is
an important job.
It's not important!
Look, I'm standing up
and nothing is happening.
Whoa!
I feel like that was
partially my fault.
Alright, let's see
what we've got.
Ooooh,
our tent!
Good thing
it's in a bag.
Looks like we'll be sleeping
under the stars tonight.
Dad will you stay up
with us in case
The Jersey Devil comes
to steal our damp sandwiches?
Of course I will,
champ.
Hm.
Ahh.
What was that?
Nothing.
Come on, your dad
was just kidding
with all that
Jersey Devil stuff.
No.
He never kids.
The Jersey Devil
is definitely out there.
Ahh!
Please don't be there,
please don't be there,
please don't be there!
False alarm.
Are you
feeling cold?
Like,
Jersey Devil cold?
Because no way.
I actually feel
super hot.
H-Hedgehog...
I have a tickle
in my throat.
Uuuh, that could just be
your tree bark allergy?
Yeah.
Ahh!
Probably just
another squirrel.
Terrible, inhuman
tummy grumble.
Oh, right.
We didn't eat dinner.
Phew.
Okay, guess everything
is safe, time to get some rest!
Sure am tired!
Uh, yeah,
some nice sleep.
Next thing we know,
the sun will be up
and we'll be
well-rested and safe.
Boy, oh, boy.
How did you
guys sleep?
Ahh, great!
Let's make an early start
back to the car.
Hey, Oscar, would you
mind sitting in --
I love the middle seat!
It's the best seat in the
canoe!
I'm already in it!
Let's go!
Oh boy,
you all got ready fast.
I'll gather the rest
of the stuff.
Let's go, let's go,
let's go!
Kids?
Did you guys eat
our sandwiches
to make it look like
The Jersey Devil was here?
Oh, you guys
are good.
So, in conclusion,
the importance
of the canoe's middle seat
cannot be overstated enough.
Wait,
so that's it?
Huh?
More of a coming-of-age story
than anything else.
Yeah, you guys
said you met him.
But did you?
Well, I guess if we really
wanted to meet him,
we could have?
Lies.
No one will
ever meet him.
What a-your father left out
is the Jersey Devil
is the best hider
in the magic world.
Have you ever played
hide and seek with a ghost?
It'd be easier to find
an invisible creature
than to spot
the Jersey Devil.
Couple of corn dogs like you
would have never seen him,
and no one
ever will!
But Susie,
if I may call you that,
by your
own admission,
the Jersey Devil
is incredible at hiding.
Yes, I had a beautiful
analogy about it.
So, then
would you say
the Jersey Devil could be
hiding anywhere in the world?
I mean,
yes, Hedgehog.
Then you admit it!
He could very well be living
in these pine barrens right
now
and we wouldn't
even know it.
What? No.
Wait. That's not --
ugh!
Therefore, razing
these Pine Barrens
and potentially
displacing
the Jersey Devil
is a non-option.
I rest my case.
She's right,
you know.
You know what?
I don't even
need a new spa!
I'll just
use my old spa!
I hate it when she
calls me "old spa."
Come on,
let's keep going!
This hike isn't gonna
hike itself.
That's because hikes
don't have feet.
Come on, Oscar.
Let's go.
I'll catch up with
you guys in a second!
I hate it when she
calls me "old spa."